Pardon me?
Uncle Qin took the collected evidence
Put it in the secret room of the Chu family
That's right, did you find it?
I originally thought that the thing left by my second uncle
It is a book that records the past of the Chu family
I wanted to use the past to bring down the Sun family
I think it's useless now
Maybe it's fate
But we've almost searched the secret room
Except this.
I didn't find anything else suspicious
Could it be that you missed something? Impossible
We checked carefully
Big brother jumpsuit
Men misunderstand
It's all nonsense from the end of Qin
I am such an upright person
How could you do such a perverted thing?
If the clue left by the second uncle is not this book
What is that?
Is it that one?
Now what?
Are we going to go back and look for it again?
No, nothing else.
I suspect that all the clues in the secret room have been taken away
How is it possible to take it away?
I found this book next to it in the secret room
It's been moved.
Although I don't know who it is
But obviously before us
Doesn't that mean the clues are all gone?
I've got a plan.
How?
Go through the idea of chasing the second uncle before and after again
For example, who has he met these days?
Where have you been?
If he can find evidence to turn to the Sun family
There's no reason we can't find it.
Good way to do it